faq: add entry for local SELinux policy modifications (#221)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/faq.adoc

        inline: |
          PubkeyAcceptedKeyTypes=+ssh-rsa
----

== Why do I get SELinux denials after updates if I have local policy modifications?

Currently the OSTree and SELinux tooling conflict a bit. If you have
permanently applied local policy modifications then policy updates
delivered by the OS will no longer apply; your policy stays frozen.
This means any policy "fixes" needed to enable new functionality will

> not get applied. See

Reviewer: Should we show the `ostree admin config-diff | grep selinux` check here so they can easily see if they're affected? It's in the tracker issue, but it's kinda nested in there.

Author: yeah that sounds like a good idea

https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/701[coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker#701]
for more details.

This means you may see denials like the following, which can take down critical parts
of a system like in
https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/700[coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker#700]:

.Example SELinux denial
[source, text]
----
systemd-resolved[755]: Failed to symlink /run/systemd/resolve/stub-resolv.conf: Permission denied
audit[755]: AVC avc:  denied  { create } for  pid=755 comm="systemd-resolve" name=".#stub-resolv.confc418434d59d7d93a" scontext=system_u:system_r:systemd_resolved_t:s0 tcontext=system_u:object_r:systemd_resolved_var_run_t:s0 tclass=lnk_file permissive=0
----

> To workaround this incompatibility, please attempt to apply policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work around this incompatibility, please attempt to apply policy
```

> modifications dynamically. i.e., for an SEBoolean you can use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modifications dynamically. For example, for an SELinux boolean you can use the
```

following systemd unit that executes on every boot:

.Example fcct config for dynamically applying SELinux boolean
[source, yaml]
----
variant: fcos
version: 1.1.0
systemd:
  units:
    - name: setsebool.service
      enabled: true
      contents: |
        [Service]
        Type=oneshot
        ExecStart=setsebool container_manage_cgroup true
        RemainAfterExit=yes
        [Install]
        WantedBy=multi-user.target
----

If your system's basic functionality has stopped working because of
SELinux denials there are two options:

* Re-deploy starting with the latest image artifacts.
** This means you start with the latest policy.

> * See see https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/701[coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker#701] for a workaround on how to recover the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Follow the workaround in https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/701[coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker#701] to restore the base policy.
```
